THE HISTORY OF CHOCOLATE
Humans have loved chocolate for the past 4,000 years – but did you know that for most of this time, chocolate was most commonly consumed as a beverage? The word “chocolate” itself comes from words meaning “bitter water,” because chocolate was traditionally prepared as a cold, unsweetened drink. The chocolate bar as we know it today has actually existed for less than 200 years.
The history of chocolate begins with the native peoples of the Americas, who cultivated the cacao tree and viewed chocolate as sacred. The Mayas considered cocoa pods symbols of life and fertility, and the Aztecs believed that a god had brought the cacao tree to earth from paradise. Cacao seeds were even used as a form of currency in the 15th century.
Around 1528, chocolate arrived in Spain, where it was mixed with sugar, vanilla, cinnamon, and other spices. Chocolate later began to gain popularity in France as an aphrodisiac, eventually spreading to England, Germany, and Austria. In 1730, advances in the technology for grinding cocoa beans caused the price of chocolate to drop considerably. Finally, the first solid chocolate was invented in 1830 by a British chocolate maker.
There are three main types of chocolate: dark chocolate, milk chocolate, and white chocolate. Dark chocolate in particular benefits the circulatory system. Who eats the most chocolate in the world today? That award goes to the Swiss, who eat on average 25 pounds of chocolate per person per year.

Exercise 1: I went to the concert last night with my friends
Dear Oanh,
Thank you very much for your letter which arrived a few days ago. It was lovely to hear from you. I am sorry, I haven’t written for you such along time because I studied hard to pass the final exam. However, I had a great weekend more than every when I went to live concerts last night with my friends. Now, I am writing to tell you how the wonderful concert is.
It is the beautiful concert I have ever taken part in with many people and the miracle of sound of piano. As you know, my pianist is Yiruma and in last concert I couldn’t believe that he appeared in my eyes and gave me a big hug after his performance. I also listen a soothing music which is played by him and other professional musicians. Only when I heard his song from the stage I feel anything around me seem to disappear and I can fly with many stars on the sky to forget all my fears which I suffered before.
That is amazing.
Let’s come back to my live concert. It is so cool and until now I can’t forget my feeling about it. Do you often to go live concerts? What kind of music do you like listening to? Who is your favorite singer?
I am glad if you tell me about it in the next letter
I look forward to your reply
Your sincerely

Exercise 2: We had dinner at a new restaurant yesterday
Dear Oanh,
Thank you very much for your letter which arrived a few days ago. It was lovely to hear from you.
I think the restaurant which you told me in the letter is very interesting. I also like to eat out and I usually go to a restaurant for dinner with my family twice a month. Our favorite restaurant is a traditional restaurant in Hang Bong street. It is not big but it is always busy. There are only a few tables in the restaurant and on each table is a vase with lovely flowers. There are plants in the room corners. I usually order the traditional dishes and eat them with rice. For example, fish cooked with sauce, spring roll… and vegetable and so on. The food is delicious so we enjoy it very much. The service is also quick and friendly . My family always have pleasant evening at our favorite restaurant.
Shall we go there when you come to visit my family next time?
See you next time.

Exercise 3: Tell me about a teacher from your past
Thank you for our class’ photo you sent me a few days ago. I was so glad to write for you and tell you about my feeling after I receive it.
That photograph made me remember my old teacher who taught us high school. She is slim with a long hair and blue eyes. Do you remember her? Our English teacher, her name is Sara. I can’t forget that days when she played game with us in each class and we sang ‘Animal song’ together. I also remember that: She was very sad when our class didn’t do homework and we felt so guilty with her. Then we studied English hard to fix our mistakes and she was so happy. But now she doesn’t still teach English in Viet Nam. Ha - our classmates said she came back England with her husband. I hope she would come to Viet Nam, I will meet her because I miss her so much. What about you? What do you think about her? Have you ever had the old teacher who made you unforgettable?
Please tell me in next letter. I look forward to your reply.

Exercise 4: You went to a party last week, didn't you? Did you have a good time there? Tell me about that party.
Dear Linh,
How are you? I hear that you are going to travel with your family next week. I wish you will have a good time. Last weekend I went to the party arranged to congratulate Lan. She won competition in her office. That night we had a good time. The party was arranged at Lan's house. Her mother and sister helped to us to prepare interesting dinner. We want to make her surprised. There were many people to join this party and maybe you know some of them. After good meal, we talked and listened romantic songs and danced together. We had interesting and unforgettable night with friends. Are you going to next Friday? Don't forget to send me some postcards from places where you will come.
Goodbye and see you after you come back.

Exercise 5: Can you describe the weather in your country? What's the weather like at the moment? What outdoor activities are you able to do at this time of year?

It is so wet here. I am writing to tell you about the weather in my country. In my country, it is in spring with high humidity. My country is a tropical monsoon climate. Broadly speaking, the weather in Viet Nam is dedicated by two monsoon seasons the southwest monsoon from April to September and the northeast monsoon from October late March or early April. Moreover the northeast monsoon effects bring lower temperatures to my city, Ha Noi and all days in Ha Noi is in rain. In fact, I am fed up with rainy day because I can't go out to shopping with my friend. Only thing I can do in these days is writing letter for you and tell you about the terrible weather here. All my clothes can't be dry and the way I go to school every day is daubed with mud.
